hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
horror film final destination
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
this film is about a group of people who
evade their impending death by cheating
death's plan
however death has a new plan and starts
to haunt them
can they cheat death's plan again
let's find out
the movie begins where alex is preparing
for his flight towards paris for a tour
while his mother is helping him to
prepare the baggage
his mother sees a tag attached to the
baggage and tries to remove it
however alex prevents his mother from
removing it and he tells her that the
tag needs to be with the baggage for
luck since the tag prevents the plane
from having an accident but his mother
proceeds to remove the tag from the
baggage the following night alex
together with his schoolmates and
teachers is in the airport for their
flight towards paris
later as the announcer calls for the
passengers of their flight they walk
towards the plane
as alex enters the plane he observes the
runway and the plane
then alex proceeds to sit in his seat
and where's the seat belt
after that two pretty girls ask alex to
switch seats with them so they can sit
together
then alex sees todd telling him to
refuse their request to switch seats but
he still accepts their request
as alex sits towards the seat beside
todd the attached table in the chair
opens up and he closes it again but the
pin is broken
in a few moments a plane takes off and
leaves the airport then the passengers
of the plane start cheering as the plane
takes off
while the plane is in the air it
experiences turbulence and makes the
passengers worry
then the turbulence stops and the
passengers feel relief
however in a few seconds plane
experiences more violent turbulence
suddenly the lights turn off and the
suitcases start falling
then the plane lets out the oxygen masks
and the passengers start to wear them
meanwhile alex looks at the window he
observes that the trajectory of the
airplane is going down
in a few seconds after that the airplane
started to be ripped apart and the air
pressure coming from outside starts to
take away some of the passengers
and in a few moments the plane is on
fire and starts burning together with
the passengers inside
after that alex wakes up and panting
apparently the airplane explosion is
only a dream
then the girls ask alex if they can
switch places so they can sit together
immediately alex checks the pin in the
chair and finds it broken
that makes him realize that his dream is
a premonition to the airplane explosion
alex starts to loudly shout that the
airplane is going to explode and tells
the staff he is not joking
as a response carter gets furious and
punches alex
in response the staff removes them
together with terry from the plane
also the staff accidentally removed
billy who just arrived from the plane
additionally miss luton todd and clear
follow them
back to the airport the officer
disallows them from going back on board
the plane
as a response miss luton asked the
officer to allow them to get on board
the plane since the students will be
left alone in paris
however the officer allows only one of
them to be back
in the end miss luton asks larry to be
back on the plane instead of her
later in the airport billy carter and
terry watch the plane as it takes off
from the airport meanwhile miss luton
consoles alex and asks him what happened
while alex is narrating his dream to the
teacher carter mocks and blames him as a
response alex angrily attacks carter and
they start to fight
while they are fighting billy observes
the plane and it suddenly explodes
everyone in the airport is in shock as
they witness the explosion and it seems
that they cannot believe what just
happened
later that evening alex gets together
with those who get off the plane then
the fbi agents arrive to interrogate
them for the investigation of the
airplane explosion
the fbi agents ask alex how he knows
that the airplane will explode
in response alex explains that he simply
saw the airplane exploded in his dream
later that evening alex is in his home
watching the news about the airplane
explosion and he gets emotional
the news broadcast says that everyone in
the airplane explosion dies
alex is in tears and seems to be in
shock as he tries to absorb what happens
in the next scene 39 days after the
airplane explosion alex and the
relatives of the victims are in the
memorial service dedicated to the
victims of the airplane explosion
the priest tells them that it is
unavoidable to ask why the victims have
passed away
as an answer to the question of why the
priest proceeds to tell that it is a
fate of man to not know when his time
will come as death comes so sudden
then after the speech of the priest
everyone in the memorial service offers
a flower for the victims
meanwhile clear gives flowers to alex to
thank him
after that todd has a speech where he
says that death cannot be forecast and
comes unexpectedly
in the next scene how pat is in the
bathroom in his home he is looking in
the mirror and shaving his face
while todd is shaving his face there is
water leaking from the toilet
meanwhile alex is in his home and an owl
suddenly comes to the window
then he throws a magazine at the owl but
it hits the fan which rips some pages of
the magazine
then a ripped part of the page flies to
the hands of alex and the name of todd
is written there
back to todd in his bathroom the water
leaking from the toilet reaches him
which makes him slip as todd slips his
neck gets caught by the wire which as a
result chokes him
while the wire is choking todd he tries
to get himself out and shouts to ask for
help but he is already voiceless
then he tries to reach the scissor but
fails to do so
in the end todd dies while he gasps for
breath
later that day alex is running towards
todd's house
outside of the house the medics are
taking todd's body from the house
also clear is there and tells alex to
get away from there
in a few moments the father of todd
talks to alex and tells him todd dies of
suicide because of his guilt from
getting off the plane
after that day alex goes to clear and
asks why she was there in todd's house
clear disregards the alex's question and
instead she proceeds to show a spring
head sculpture to him
then clear tells alex that it symbolizes
him as it portrays an absolute yet
incomprehensible attraction
clear added that she felt what alex felt
during the incident in the airport and
that makes her believe him
as a response alex tells clear that he
feels that there is a vague something
from the incident that remains and
haunts them until now
additionally alex tells clear that maybe
he could find out more by seeing todd
one last time
as a response clear asks alex to see
todd one last time
in the next scene alex and clear sneak
into the morgue and there they see the
dead body of todd
as they are observing it the mortician
comes out and talks to them
then clear asks the mortician about the
marks on the todd's neck as a response
mortician tells clear that the marks are
a sign of todd fighting against the wire
this makes alex realize that todd's
death is an accident
however the mortician tells them that in
death there is no accident and no
escapes
the mortician proceeds to tell them that
everything that happens is a part of
death sadistic design which leads to the
grave
then alex asks the mortician if it is
possible to cheat death by figuring out
its design
in response the mortician tells alex
that he has already cheated by walking
out of the plane
as a result death has a new design for
them
this means alex needs to figure out the
new design to cheat it again after that
alex apologizes for breaking in and says
goodbye to the mortician the mortician
responds creepily by telling alex that
he will see him again
the following day alex and clear are in
a coffee shop talking about the death
design and the possibility of cheating
it while they talk alex looks to the
window and sees a reflection of a bus
passing by which is a premonition for
the next death
in a few moments carter and terry arrive
in the coffee shop in a car
also miss luton and billy on his bike
are there
then alex and carter start to fight and
terry gets angry and tells them to stop
after that terry angrily walks away and
as she walks away a bus suddenly hits
her
in the next scene alex is in his home
watching the news regarding the airplane
explosion
the news shows the path of the explosion
in the airplane
this makes alex realize that the pattern
of todd and terry's death follows the
path of explosion
this makes him conclude the order of
death and miss luton is next to die
meanwhile miss luton in her home is
emotional as she remembers the events
that happened
she boils water in the kettle and puts
the hot water in her mug
however she throws away the water and
puts ice and vodka in the mug instead
then mug breaks and starts to leak as
she picks it up as she is placing the
mug behind the computer for leaking
vodka drops inside the computer which
makes it wet
immediately the computer starts to spark
and she proceeds to check it
as she is checking the computer it
explodes and glass flies to her neck
causing her to bleed
then she tries to survive by trying to
get a towel to prevent the bleeding but
in the process she accidentally pulls
the knife which falls towards her
in a few seconds the explosion sets the
floor on fire
then alex arrives and tries to save her
but fails to do so
in the end alex jumps out of the house
as it explodes in the next scene clear
meets carter and billy during the night
in the memorial park clear convinces
them to find alex to figure out who is
next to die following the death pattern
they drive towards a beach park
then clear finds alex there and she
convinces alex to drive with him towards
her dad's cabin
later that evening they drive together
towards the cabin of clear's dad
then carter asked alex about the next
person to die according to the pattern
alex tells them it is not important to
know
in frustration carter suddenly speeds up
the car and tells them that he will
cheat death's plan by killing himself
through his own volition
meanwhile alex sees an image of a train
coming which serves as a premonition for
carter's death then carter stops the car
in the middle of the railroad while
there is a train coming in their
direction
immediately they get out of the car
except for carter
then as the train is getting near carter
tries to move the car but fails to do so
so he tries to move out of the car
instead however the seat belt traps
carter which forces alex to pull him
outside of the car to save him in the
end alex is able to pull and save carter
from the car when the trains hit it
meanwhile as they are talking beside the
moving train there is metallic debris in
the railroad and it gets hit by the
train
as a result it suddenly flies and hits
billy which cuts his head off
billy's death makes alex realize that by
skipping the death of carter the death's
plan goes towards the next person in the
pattern which is billy
in the next scene alex is already in the
cabin he thinks he is the next person to
die and tries to avoid any dangerous
objects that can kill him
however alex realizes that he is not the
next person in the pattern but it is
clear who's the next
immediately alex rushes towards clear to
save her from the impending death
outside of the cabin the fbi arrives and
chases alex
meanwhile in clear's house thunder hits
the electric wire which makes it spark
as she looks out the window she sees the
dog is in danger and goes out to save it
outside she pulls the dog away and is
able to save the dog from danger
however the sparking electric wire keeps
moving in a different direction and
could possibly hit her
immediately she climbs up towards her
house and goes to the garage to ride her
car
then she rides the car and tries to move
the car away but to no avail as the
sparks hit the car and thus turn off the
engine
in a few moments alex arrives and tries
to stop the sparking electric wire using
the shovel in an attempt to save clear
however as soon as alex hits the
sparking electric wire it goes towards
the floor and sets the chemical on fire
in a few moments the fire reaches the
car and is about to explode
left with no choice alex tells clear
that there is a need to skip her death
to save her
then alex holds the sparking electric
wire in an attempt to kill himself which
skips the clear's death
as alex holds it he flies away in shock
and the car explodes while clear is able
to get out safely
after that clear in the fbi agents check
alex who is unconscious on the ground
in the next scene it is already six
months after
alex clear and carter take an airplane
to paris
the movie ends where they are drinking
together in the streets of paris
there to talk about the possibility of
the continuation of the death pattern
suddenly a glass of red wine spills in
the paper where the death pattern is
written and marks the place of alex
this makes alex tremble in fear because
he thinks that it is a premonition for
his death
as a result alex walks away from clear
and carter and he proceeds to tell them
to stay away
immediately as alex is walking away
clear calls him he looks back and is
able to evade a bus about to hit him
after that metallic signage falls and is
about to hit alex but carter saves him
in the end as carter asks alex who is
the next to die the metallic signage
suddenly hits him
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out